"I can't handle this right now."
"I'm so overwhelmed."
"I'm feeling really anxious about this."
"I don't know what to do."
"I'm under a lot of pressure."
"I feel like I'm drowning."
"I need a break."
"I can't concentrate."
"I'm really stressed out."
"I feel like everything is falling apart."
"I'm struggling to keep up."
"I'm worried about what will happen."
"I'm feeling really tense."
"I'm at my breaking point."
"I'm so busy, I don't know how I'll get everything done."
"I feel like I'm going to have a panic attack."
"I'm so exhausted."
"I can't think straight."
"I'm so far behind."
"I'm just really stressed right now."
"I'm at my breaking point."
"I'm completely overwhelmed."
"I'm feeling the weight of the world on my shoulders."
"I can't seem to catch a break."
"I'm struggling to keep it together."
"I'm so stressed I can't even think straight."
"I feel like everything is crashing down around me."
"I'm so tense right now."
"I'm completely consumed by stress."
"I'm really freaking out."
"I'm under so much pressure I can hardly breathe."
"I'm at my wit's end."
"I'm so on edge right now."
"I'm drowning in stress."
"I feel like I'm suffocating."
"I'm really worried about this."
"I'm having a hard time coping."
"I feel like I'm going to explode."
"I'm feeling incredibly frazzled."
"I'm so burnt out."
"I'm feeling really anxious and overwhelmed."
"I'm so stressed I can't even sleep."
"I'm struggling to keep up with everything."
"I'm feeling really stretched thin."
"I'm completely swamped right now."
"I feel like I'm on the verge of a breakdown."
"I'm barely holding it together."
"I'm so exhausted from all the stress."
"I'm really feeling the pressure right now."
"I can't seem to shake this feeling of stress."
"I'm feeling really drained and overwhelmed."
"I'm struggling to manage all of this stress."
"I'm finding it really hard to cope right now."
"I'm completely snowed under with work and stress."
"I'm really struggling to keep my head above water."
"I feel like I'm in over my head with stress."
"I'm so stressed out that it's affecting my health."
"I'm feeling really anxious and on edge."
"I'm so swamped with work and stress that I can't keep up."
"I'm at my breaking point and don't know what to do."
"I'm feeling really overwhelmed and burnt out."
"I'm so stressed I can't even think straight."
"I'm struggling to juggle everything right now."
"I'm feeling really tense and on edge."
"I'm completely consumed by stress and anxiety."
"I'm feeling really frazzled and on the brink of collapse."
"I'm at my wit's end with all of this stress."
"I'm so swamped with work and deadlines that I can hardly breathe."
"I'm feeling really stretched thin and struggling to keep up."
"I'm completely buried in stress and can't seem to find a way out."
"I'm really feeling the weight of all this stress."
"I'm struggling to manage all of these competing demands."
"I'm so stressed out that I can't even enjoy my free time."
"I'm feeling really overwhelmed and out of control."
"I'm completely bogged down with stress and responsibilities."
"I'm so on edge that even the slightest thing sets me off."
"I'm struggling to keep my head above water with all of this stress."
"I'm feeling really anxious and worried about everything."
"I'm so burnt out from all of this stress and pressure."
"I'm completely exhausted from trying to manage all of this stress."
"I'm feeling really suffocated by all of this stress."
"I'm so consumed by stress that I can't focus on anything else."
"I'm completely overwhelmed and don't know where to start."
"I'm feeling really tense and on edge all the time."
"I'm struggling to cope with all of this stress and pressure."
"I'm so drained from trying to manage all of these demands."
"I'm feeling really burnt out and at the end of my rope."
"I'm so stressed out that I can hardly function."
"I'm completely swamped with work and responsibilities."
"I'm feeling really anxious and can't seem to calm down."
"I'm feeling really overwhelmed and overworked."
"I'm so stressed that I'm starting to make mistakes."
"I'm struggling to balance all of these competing demands."
"I'm completely consumed by stress and can't escape it."
"I'm feeling really tense and unable to relax."
"I'm so exhausted from trying to manage all of this stress."
"I'm feeling really frazzled and unable to focus."
"I'm so bogged down with stress that I can't see a way out."
"I'm completely burnt out and need a break."
"I'm feeling really on edge and easily agitated."
"I'm feeling really stressed and overwhelmed by everything on my plate."
"I'm so buried in work and responsibilities that I can't seem to catch a break."
"I'm struggling to keep up with all of these demands and it's starting to take a toll."
"I'm feeling really anxious and worried about everything that needs to get done."
"I'm so consumed by stress that I'm having trouble sleeping."
"I'm completely swamped with deadlines and it's making me feel really stressed out."
"I'm feeling really burnt out and like I can't handle anything else."
"I'm so stressed that I'm having trouble focusing on anything."
"I'm feeling really tense and like I'm always on edge."
"I'm completely overwhelmed and don't know where to turn."
"I'm feeling really weighed down by all of this stress and pressure."
"I'm so stressed out that it's starting to affect my health."
"I'm struggling to keep my head above water with all of these demands."
"I'm feeling really drained and depleted from all of this stress."
"I'm completely consumed by stress and can't seem to escape it."
"I'm feeling really anxious and like I'm constantly on edge."
"I'm so burnt out that I don't have any energy left for anything else."
"I'm completely swamped with work and can't seem to get ahead."
"I'm feeling really overwhelmed and like I'm drowning in stress."
"I'm so stressed out that I'm having trouble even getting out of bed."
"I'm feeling really frazzled and like I can't seem to get anything done."
"I'm so bogged down with stress that I'm having trouble even thinking straight."
"I'm struggling to manage all of these competing priorities and it's making me feel really stressed out."
"I'm feeling really on edge and like I'm constantly on the verge of a breakdown."
"I'm completely exhausted from trying to manage all of this stress and pressure."
"I'm feeling really suffocated by all of these demands and responsibilities."
"I'm so consumed by stress that I'm having trouble enjoying anything."
"I'm completely overwhelmed and don't know how to cope."
"I'm feeling really anxious and like I can't seem to shake this feeling of stress and worry."
"I'm so burnt out that I feel like I'm running on fumes."
"I'm feeling really tense and like I'm holding my breath all the time."
"I'm so stressed out that it's starting to affect my relationships."
"I'm struggling to keep up with all of these demands and it's making me feel really anxious."
"I'm feeling really overwhelmed and like I'm in over my head."
"I'm completely swamped with work and it's making me feel really stressed out."
"I'm feeling really drained and like I can't seem to catch a break."
"I'm so consumed by stress that it's hard to imagine feeling any other way."
"I'm completely burnt out and don't have any energy left to give."
"I'm feeling really on edge and like I'm about to snap at any moment."
"I'm so stressed out that I feel like I'm constantly in fight or flight mode."
"I'm feeling really anxious and like I'm always waiting for the other shoe to drop."
"I'm so weighed down by stress that I feel like I'm carrying a ton of bricks on my shoulders."
"I'm struggling to keep my head above water and it's making me feel really overwhelmed."
"I'm feeling really suffocated by all of these demands and like there's no end in sight."
"I'm completely consumed by stress and it's starting to affect my mental health."
"I'm feeling really frazzled and like I'm about to come apart at the seams."
"I'm so burnt out that even the simplest tasks feel like they require a Herculean effort."
"I'm completely overwhelmed and don't know how to prioritize all of these demands."
"I'm feeling really on edge and like I'm constantly bracing myself for bad news."
"I'm so stressed out that I can't seem to find any joy in my life."
